So let's practice encryption.
And for this I'm going to create a bucket
called demo-encryption-stephane-v2.
And we scroll down,
we're going to leave this on, leave this on.
We're going to enable bucket versioning.
And then under default encryption, as we can see,
we have three different options
but we must choose a default encryption for our buckets.
So I will go over SSE-S3 right now
and we'll have a look at SSE-KMS and DSSE-KMS later on.
So let's click on Create a bucket.
And now we have created a bucket
that has default encryption turn on.
So let's verify this by actually uploading an object.
So we're going to add a file
and we'll add our coffee.jpg file.
And then we're going to just click on Upload.
And as you can see now I can click on this file
and scroll down,
look for the server side encryption settings.
And indeed the file was encrypted
with server side encryption
with Amazon S3 managed keys, so SSE-S3.
We can also edit the encryption mechanism for a file.
So I could just click on Edit.
And as you can see,
if we do edit the server side encryption,
then this will create a new version
of the object with updated setting.
And so therefore, this is why I have enabled versioning
for my bucket, is to show you
that a new version of the file will be created.
So let's change the encryption.
And for this, we're going to override the bucket settings
for default encryption for this one object.
And so we have a choice to use
either SSE-KMS or DSSE-KMS.
So DSSE-KMS, I won't spend a lot of time on this.
It's just two level of encryptions on KMS.
So just a stronger KMS.
We're just going to use KMS right now.
It is simpler and it is not going to cost us any money.
So we're going to use SSE-KMS as we learned.
And then we have to specify a KMS key.
So we can either enter a KMS key ARN,
or we can choose from your own KMS keys.
So if we choose from the KMS keys right now,
you should have only one key available
the AWS/S3 key, and it's called the default KMS key
for the S3 service.
So if you click on it, we can use this key.
And that's not going to cost us any money
because this is the default key for the service.
If you created your own KMS key,
then it would be available in this list.
But creating your own KMS key
will cost you some money every month.
So for this purpose, we're just going
to use the default AWS/S3 KMS key.
Okay, so let's save the changes.
We close this, and now if we go under Versions,
as we can see, we have two versions
of our file right now available.
And so the current version, if we scroll down
and go under service side encryption,
as we can see it is indeed encrypted with SSE-KMS
with this encryption key, which corresponds
to the default AWS/S3 KMS key.
Okay, so this is really good.
Next we go under this part.
So we can do the same process by uploading a file
and then we're going to add a file, for example, beach.jpg.
And under Properties,
we're going to find server side encryption.
And here we can specify an encryption key
to either use the default encryption mechanism
or to override it with SSE-S3, SSE-KMS or DSSE-KMS.
So this is one way of doing it.
And finally, let's have a look
at the default encryption properties.
So let's scroll down
and we're going to find default encryption.
Let's edit this, and here we have the option.
So we can enable SSE-S3, SSE-KMS
as the default encryption, or DSSE-KMS.
So in case we do SSE-KMS,
we have the bucket key option available to us.
So this is to reduce the cost
by doing less API calls to AWS KMS.
And so this is enabled by default.
If we just use SSE-S3, then this setting doesn't count.
So we've seen
that we can change the default encryption here.
And you may ask me, well, SSE-C is missing.
Well, indeed it is missing
because SSE-C you can only do from the CLI,
not from the console.
So that means that you cannot enable SSE-C right here.
And finally, for client side encryption,
while you have to encrypt everything client side,
then upload it to AWS and then decrypted client side,
and so you don't need to tell AWS
that the data is client side encrypted.
So therefore, the only options you can deal with
in the console are SSE-S3, SSE-KMS and DSSE-KMS.
So that's it, we've seen all the encryption options in AWS.
I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.